# Hamster-Hotel
//Ashur Nanno

//date revised: 11/03/2023

//Exercise or lab name: Hamster Hotel

// Brief Description of what you did: created a html page to match the mockup design using css and bootstrap and google fonts

//Pear Review (11/03/2023  4:15pm) by George Haddad: Starting from the top, your navbar background color isn't the correct color and the image isn't centered. The header's shaded section isn't the same width and color as the AdobeXD. Your hamster's paradise section seems fine, but the top needs a bit more space to match the AdobeXD. Same as your rooms section, also your cards aren't the same height. The text isn't centered underneat the images in the Amenitites section. Good job on your reserve room section, though the check availibility section isn't on the same line as the options section. Also you don't the text above each box saying what they are for. Your footer isn't touching the very bottom of your page. This is a whole page thing, but the page is too wide, I'm able to scroll to the right and there's a bunch of white space. When it comes to responsiveness the navbar and header are responsive, I couldn't figure out why the navbar wouldn't collapse in time. The hamster's paradise section squeezes itself when in tablet/mobile sizes. The cards in the rooms section don't fit properly and one of the cards goes off the background image and goes on top of the rest of the page. Same with the last images in the packages section. other than the image from the packages section in the amenities section and the previous issue in the section still applies, but other than that it fits properly. The text in check availability doesn't scale the button, making it go outside the button. There's the same issue with the footer as in desktop mode but other than that it's fine.